I will come back on this video here.
I want to introduce you to a string functions in HP and I'm not just talking about custom mainspring
functions I'm talking about predefined string functions.
All right.
This is the Web site here BHP dot net.
As for Slash ref that strings here you will find all the string functions related to HP as you can see
here there are many and they all do different things.
Some of them do similar things.
Now I want to just give you a couple just show you how to use a couple here so that when you have an
idea how this works I'm going to use a function to calculate the length of characters in a string.
All right so I'm going to name this string or strings to string actually because we're now going to
have strings when I have the string with many different characters and you're going to say hello students.
Do you like the class.
Now keep in mind that this file here you will find that when you exercise files 27 on the score string
underscore a function that BHB.
Now if you have a separate folder and you're doing this in a separate folder on your desktop.
Just name these strings underscore functions.
OK.
So then you can actually take this template from blank that BHP as we've been doing so far.
So keep that in mind.
So I'm going to use a function here called and that means.
I can actually use it in the Echo as a matter of fact that you can use the whole thing is going to call
SDR Len and I just put the whole day in that function right here also and just display everything on
the screen.
If I wanted to I'm just going to go ahead and show you down the browser.
So you are number 35.
All right.
So as if I cared to see including the spaces.
That's one.
This is a built in function as you can see is not something that we made.
It's something that BHP already did for us.
And there are many of them are just going to show you a couple here and send you on your way to actually
finding out some more and not another one that I want to show you is go.
Let's just echo it.
It's called SDR are to upper.
This is this mean string to uppercase array.
And grab this and you can have any variable name you want to of course.
And if we can get this that would be nice as you can see everything is in uppercase and right like this.
Perfect right.
I mean they are very useful functions that we can use to do different things.
I'm going to copy and paste actually this little piece right here if I can get it done.
And I'm just going to say it's SDR to lower.
That's another one that's just going to lowercase everything.
All right.
So those are a couple of functions there.
There will be a lot more that you can use if you go to the Web site here.
Like I said you can use another functions that of echo called print.
I'm going to show it to you right now.
There are many of them.
I'm just going to look here.
Print.
Also.
Right here we click on it.
It's going to give us.
Going to say something here about what it does is actually a real function it is a language control
so you are now required to use parental weights argument.
And these these are the uses of it just like Echo right.
Nice.
So you can come here like I said this is your L BHB that Neph or slash ref that strings and you're going
to find a lot of them and you can find many example just in case you need to do something with some
strings.
You can come back here and do it.
All right.
So anyway thank you so much for watching this lecture and I'll see you the next one.
Take care.